feat: kokoro tts support (#643)
RobotecAI/rai: docs/speech_to_speech/sounddevice.md

)
```

> > [!WARNING]
> > It is not recommended to use device_name set to `'default'` in `SoundDeviceConfig` due to potential issues with audio.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!TIP]
> If you're experiencing audio issues and device_name is set to 'default', try specifying the exact device name instead, as this often resolves the problem.

```

Reviewer: Also, please add this note to the configurator.

Author: done https://github.com/RobotecAI/rai/pull/643/commits/61ab2b074b4933e2731231575016bd69f14aafcb
